each autumn a squirrel buries around
10,000 nuts it's memory is so phenomenal
it can retrieve up to 4,000 of them to
achieve this feat as winter approaches
the area of the brain responsible for
memory enlarges 50% the squirrels show
another brain treet cunning a spy
squirrel bearing gifts is ready to
record their devious behavior
he looks a soft-touch but the squirrel
needs to be sure he lashes his tail to
show confidence fluffing it up makes him
appear bigger and shows who's boss
spy squirrel is a pushover he is going
to be popular the nut is immediately
stashed away but clever minds can also
be devious and this squirrel watches
where the nut is hidden as soon as it's
buried she makes her move
[Music]
okay if you don't get caught but there's
been trouble if you do
[Music]
the duped squirrel needs to be crafty on
this time
[Music]
the crook may still be watching but this
is what he wants
in a shameless display of overacting he
pretends to bury his nut
[Music]
the thief waits until the performance is
over
[Music]
then quietly sneaks in but there's no
not to pilfer here hardly surprising
it's stashed in his intended victims
mouth with a nut reader preoccupied he
can either eat it or bury it secretly
but the thief hasn't abandoned her life
of crime spy squirrel has a new not went
with a camera theft is such an easy
option around 1/5 of all squirrels still
not robbed of and forage for them it's a
crafty way of letting others do the hard
work but this time the thief has picked
the wrong not
[Music]
[Applause]